with a click here where he talks about the situation of the insane in Marbella by I don't know what I'm going to find honestly there was a question the word pizza in Andalusia what would be a synonym in other parts of Spain let's see visa pizza 6 in Cadiz
and pizza is why having pizza is
pizza there's no need to explain what
pizza is but it's used like Josu
rap churri churra knows it's really
used because he says that I wanted
uncle aunt that's the use that is given to it not
apart from what it literally means of course
but let's
see what we
find no before continuing with the
video I have to comment Osuna concilia
that it will be very useful for you if I am a
bit like me that all the purchases the
six through pages on the internet not
always like your online purchase because
I have been using LED for a long time and I for them to
reimburse me in part of what I
spend as I was seeing Letizia
returns a percentage of what you
spend in your favorite online stores
if you enter Letizia I will get  a
cash pack of what you spend in
your stores which is a cash
for which it does not look like a cash back
that I pronounce very badly but it is very
simple it is a percentage of your purchase
that the refund edition simply
for buying through them sometimes
that cashback is 2% of what you have
spent sometimes it is 6 sometimes it is 10
and sometimes they go crazy and leave up to
40% and it is very often that you
do the math the old lady with magician I
that is four euros out of every ten euros
that you spend on your purchase what stores do they
have well surely your
favorites are among them six ps
components el corte ingles' booking
n-va douglas
up to three thousand 3,000
online establishments the most
advisable thing apart from registering in
ladies of exista laws in our
browser the extension that you will
find in the description of this
video and so you will always have it active in
case you forget to enter before
putting them to buy if you click on the
link that is assuming the description
to correct trace already of  entry you will
get 30% cashback in 6 I insist you
have in the description both the link
to register and the link to
install the extension in your
browser you can also download the
application for your mobile and you will
thank me when you see that they
return you in your checking account
because 20 30 40 euros whatever it is because in the
end some free money never hurts you
saw the other day that Carolina Abril
cried live yes I was there I was
about to react live what
happens is that it didn't seem that serious to me
because I think that in the end it was taken out of
context no the girls took
the issue of the role eo by
Jack and other colleagues too seriously
but then here I think he clarified it and
said that it wasn't that he wasn't
serious that he didn't want to
snub her or remove her from the series
so then since I didn't give it
importance I didn't do it either okay let's
see what he says let's see I'll
tell you the madman after
everything that happened okay
of everything that happened he
told me he wrote to me and asks me if I put in thank you
very much thank you very much
chimentos thanked me for the
invitation and for defending him and for believing
in his reintegration so to speak
but he told me that by defending him he didn't want to
create any kind of problem and what and
that he would stop playing and so on
thank you very much for the invitation and such but that he did
n't want to harm us because
the cold this weather that there is you can't
see anymore you can't you can't
see anymore
yes I know but it didn't go very mafia way
for Carolina they killed me and that happened let's
see you're seeing a lot of controversy with the
issue of friends to me I don't know that I
think that towards chaos it's a game don't keep watching let's
see I'll tell you the madman after
everything that happened okay
of everything that happened he
told me he wrote to me and thanked me
for the invitation and for defending him and for
believing in his reintegration so to speak
and it seems like this he did
n't tell me that he didn't want to create any
kind of problem for us and what
and that he would stop playing and so on
thank you very much for the invitation and such but that he didn't
want to harm us because we
have behaved very well with him and that the
people in the chat how great how great  it's
good that he didn't want
problems the
people in the noble tailcoat, oops your
balls Catarina thank you very much
welcome before you forgive me
well I'm going to restart this is going badly for me
I told him that it was not necessary that he could
continue playing what
that for me I'll tell you for me what he
did was [ __ ] [ __ ] it was a
very bad thing it
seems to me what he did was tremendous I
saw it tremendous I couldn't remember
right now the exact ages that
each one had but it is no longer criticized per
se if it can be rehabilitated it would be the
word agundis thank you very much
agundis Moroccan
I would not call it rehabilitate because let's
see rehabilitate it would be a person who had
done it very often who
was doing it constantly okay
I don't know if he had done that action
on more occasions or not okay I don't know
if it was a special occasion in which it
got out of hand or not the problem is
that it is no longer as such the fact that
the fact that they cancel or they
cancel him they let him play or they don't let him
play let's see obviously obviously
if he has realized  realize what he did
is serious what he did thank you very much it
is serious
the truth have you
found out about the challenge of April 24th
but anyway thank you very much for the
super charles and it is related to the
words that you have given me before
please do not explain it to me
the thing is that what he did is serious man
seriously
at some point in life can he be
forgiven man of course yes I imagine that
if at some point in life if he does not
make a mistake again that is
similar I imagine let's see not as much as
but I don't know if forgive would be the
correct word but
at some point in life he will be able to return to
being his alkaid thank you very much his
normal life
is a complicated issue it is a
complicated issue I am not going to get into whether
at some point he can be forgiven
can he forget what he did or not okay what
I would have clear point number one and
this is not that I have any
personal problem with which I do not cross
a word with him in life okay the only thing I
have crossed with him in life was that
once he fought with Yao  cabrera and he
left me a comment before
everything that happened happened okay he left me
a comment on a video that I made
talking about his fight goya cabrera and
up to there no that's the only time he said
goodnight javi you should have
taken the day off today
enjoy your family I'll see you completely I
should when I go down to seville I
would like to have a beer with you or
whatever thank you very much - a good
live thank you very much that's it happens
a lot to you it's not
necessary jos ziga thank you
very much thank you very much
leslie's arms thank you very much
really thank you very much
so
what I don't have anymore or the
mindset like I hate him or I have any kind of
personal problem with whoever has
done something to me or whatever of
course not he hasn't done anything to me
okay what happens is that what he has
done for me is very serious for me it is
very serious so if you maybe
tell me there are two points here which is what
I want to make clear because I think it is not
clear enough in the debate and it
stops and it seemed that it was
[Music]
For me personally, for me
personally, the issue is still very
recent. I
know that everyone makes mistakes,
okay, then we would have to evaluate the
importance of each mistake, but we
are all human, we
all make mistakes, we all can make a mistake at some point,
okay, I don't know if you'll agree
with me, but for me personally, the
issue is still too recent to
be collaborating with him and that you don't care, so that
's my
personal opinion, okay, it doesn't mean that I have
any problem with him or anything, it
just seems to me that we have to
make it very clear to the audience, okay, that
this issue is very serious and that it can't be
ignored, okay, why, because if today this
guy is admitting that he did that
mistake with the intention of it happening,
okay, and the next day on YouTube the
big guy is collaborating with him as if
nothing had happened,
well, to me it seems to take the seriousness out of the
matter,
leaving aside that this YouTuber may have
made a mistake, well, there it is, [ __ ],
the mistake, for me, is
serious, for me, the mistake is very serious, there are
things that you can't flirt with a lot of
people, you are a YouTuber  famous people
you can surely meet a lot of girls and
flirt however you want with older people
okay
silverio says javi thinks that if the debate
had been funny he would have been invited
to marbella bites I don't know about silverio
probably look I sincerely have
well now I'm done with the crazy thing and
now I say one thing then for me it
's not the fact that this kid has to be
whipped condemned for
life that he can never be forgiven or
whatever for me that is the importance
that must be given to certain mistakes
because a mistake is that you drop your
cell phone and it breaks that is a mistake okay
but what the crazy guy did for me
is a serious thing that should not be
normalized like it's a mess up a
year if they give it a year it's that
big very important youtubers who
collaborated with her after a few weeks
and then they go around criticizing others no then maybe
when three
four or five years pass then there comes a
time when today the kid reintegrates
into society
collaborates with others youtube shows that he has
not committed that again  [ __ ] and that's it
but right now I see it very
recent
but well that's my opinion Jackie and
those who are in the series can have
another one totally
respectable totally respectable look what
happened is not that important to you and
enough time has passed for it to be
passed off as if nothing were happening totally
respectable okay what I criticize in the
double standards to you they can't
seem cancellable for life
unforgivable
one thing and not others when in reality
the best thing is others are more serious that's
what I see on this issue and that's what
I was holding against this
gentleman okay what you asked me and
here I promise you that my intention
my intention when I had the debate with
him was to speak in a good way discuss
the differences we had regarding
the opinions that the corporal had are
opinions
okay but when he started calling me
sick when he started taking out of
context something that was absurd
for me that I don't intend to allow oh I got
heated and I got heated and I'm not going to allow
things
that for me are very serious and very you know to be taken out of context again  and
no I'm not going to tolerate certain nonsense
okay but for me I promise you that the
intention was not to end like that
even even mediate a little okay
apart from discussing the differences of
opinions and reaching some point not
sharing the opinions and that in the end we
will end on good terms not for me to
invite you to Marbella bites if I hadn't
invited support delighted okay but no
I would not have liked that to end like it
ended sincerely but there were things that
hurt me there were things that hurt me
that I cannot allow okay because there
are things that I take very seriously and
you know how I am
on certain issues and the seriousness that I
give to certain issues okay many
related issues without you knowing the
seriousness that I give them and me who will
call me sick and when he wanted to
contextualize some things that have
affected me well no I could not end well with
him with everything I promise my intention
was not bad in the debate neither
[Music]
even even you have tried to mediate and
even have tried to mediate between
him and Dallas and that they will end well also
that today everything would have been on good terms
roll of tomorrow we could do
things you know but there were things that
hurt me I'm sorry those who know me
those who have followed me for a long time
know that I have certain topics that I
take very seriously and that I'm not going to let
nonsense be said about me or
things be interpreted about me that are not
simply that is okay
[Music]
and then the subject matter well what I
tell you in the end it is not the fact in itself that
[Music]
is canceled forever it is forgiven
forgiveness in the double standard wish me
was one of those who collaborated with him I
continued following wish me after the
Dallas thing but when I saw that he collaborated
with d-mente I stopped following him since it was
very recent the signature
is not this basically you know
but what the [ __ ] people have the right
to a second chance people have made
mistakes I think that many people have made
mistakes everyone has made
mistakes everyone
this type of mistake no of
course but
we are not perfect we are not perfect the
truth
[Music]
everyone makes mistakes  because we
are human and in life we are here to make
mistakes it
is not the same if you make a mistake at 20
years old than if you make a mistake at 40 when you are
supposed to have some experience and
11 and a few blows in life given you understand
what angers me is the double standard they
have it depends on who you are
and that is what I have always told you
that in this life it seems that it
is not who does things or rather not what
things are done but who does them in
life some more some less I think
that you have
changed ph but I was flooded with
twitter
honestly
[Music]
a little more to add little more to
add
if the madman
has decided to stop circling so as not to
cause him discomfort is that in the
end man I see it as already being part of the
subject
the discussion that we had and such I
see it as damaging at the brand level at the
brand level at the image level at the
level of the youtuber who put it
that you are collaborating with a person
who will admit to doing that I don't know I don't
see it I'll tell you what  a little prejudicial
but I want to make several things clear
point number one point number one I
have no personal problem with the
madman it's just that what happened
seemed horrible to me and that we can't take it
and the next day they're done
nothing has happened normalize it because we have an
audience okay point number 2
what I criticize because at the end of the day
my opinion is mine and just as respectable as everyone
else's today it is and everyone
else thinks that enough
time has passed to give him a second
chance
I'm not going to get into that because I'm
nobody to impose my opinion on
others
okay what I criticize and what
outrages me a little and bothers me is the double standards
okay and not because of Dallas but
because of many people many people
because if you're criticizing one thing and
you're throwing things in
people's faces and now you do a collaboration
like that then tomorrow you don't
have the legitimacy to complain about
anything like that you understand me I do
n't know in my opinion but as I tell you no in
my opinion I don't want to impose
anyone just let it be clear also
that I have no personal problem
with this  YouTube hasn't done anything for me,
just Javier, and I'm going to debate with
someone right now, Carlos, at least
right now, I do
n't know, leave me the comment box, what do
you think? Do you think it's a mistake
that expires over time? It doesn't expire. It's
been a long time, it's already happened. I don't know
what your opinion is about Almonte. I'm
interested in knowing.